Update Readme.md (#2)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-custom-typeconverter-class-for-xpo-object: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E2210)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# ASP.NET Web Forms - How to implement a custom TypeConverter class for an XPO object
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/128540757/)**
<!-- run online end -->

The [ASPxGridView](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridView) control caches object properties used in data-binding expressions. If you bind a grid to an XPO or custom objects that use a referenced association, the control tries to cache references too. Since the caching operation is similar to the `ToString` method and is performed smoothly, the object restoration from cache (from `String` to object) can be raised with the following exception: _TypeConverter cannot convert from System.String_.

> This example demonstrates how to implement a custom **TypeConverter** class that can convert from the `String` type correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to implement a custom **TypeConverter** class that can convert [convert what into what? please clarify] from the `String` type correctly.
```

Author: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to implement a custom **TypeConverter** class that can convert data from `String` to `object` type correctly.
```
